docs: highlight Git Credential Manager as alternative to PATs/SSH keys (#17201)
github/docs: content/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token.md

  - Access management
shortTitle: Create a PAT
---
{% note %}

> **Note:** [Git Credential Manager](https://aka.ms/gcm) is a secure, cross-platform alternative to using personal access tokens. Git Credential Manager is [simple to set up](https://aka.ms/gcm/installdocs) and eliminates the need to manage personal access token scope and expiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md) is a secure, cross-platform alternative to using personal access tokens (PATs), which eliminates the need to manage PAT scope and expiration. For installation instructions, see [Download and install](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md#download-and-install) in the GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager repository.
```

> **Note:** [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md) is a secure, cross-platform alternative to using personal access tokens (PATs), which eliminates the need to manage PAT scope and expiration. For installation instructions, see [Download and install](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md#download-and-install) in the GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager repository.

Reviewer: So sorry for the back and forth, but I didn't realize there's already a note right below this new one! Can you please combine then into one, like this?

**Notes**:

   - If you use {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to authenticate to {% data variables.product.product_name %} on the command line, you can skip generating a personal access token and authenticate via the web browser instead. For more information about authenticating with {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}, see [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login).
   - [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md) is a secure, cross-platform alternative to using personal access tokens (PATs), which eliminates the need to manage PAT scope and expiration. For installation instructions, see [Download and install](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md#download-and-install) in the GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager repository.

Thanks!

Author: No problem. I think I've got it fixed up. Just let me know if there's anything else you notice!
